docs: unify repo and website docs (#1487)
finos/git-proxy: website/docs/deployment.mdx

   - Username: `admin`
   - Password: `admin`

>    See the [Authentication](https://github.com/finos/git-proxy/blob/main/website/architecture/architecture.md#authentication) section of the architecture guide for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   See the [Authentication](/docs/architecture/architecture.md#authentication) section of the architecture guide for more details.
```
